Describe the new changes in the row selection event arguments (#3507)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/row-selection.md

### Row selection event
When there is some change in the row selection **`rowSelectionChanging`** event is emitted. **`rowSelectionChanging`** exposes the following arguments:
- `oldSelection`  - array of row's data that contains the previous state of the row selection.
- `newSelection` - array of row's data that match the new state of the row selection.
- `added` - array of row's data that are currently added to the selection.
- `removed` - array of row's data that are currently removed according old selection state.
- `event` - the original event that triggered row selection change.
- `cancel` -  allows you the prevent the row selection change.
@@if (igxName === 'IgxHierarchicalGrid') {
- `owner` - if the event is triggered from a child grid, this will give you a reference to the component, from which the event is emitted.
}

#### Row selection event in remote data scenarios

> In remote data scenarios when the grid has a `primaryKey` set and rowSelection feature is enabled, you should keep in mind that `rowSelectionChanging` event argument will not be able to retrieve the row data for the rows that are currently out of the current data view. In this case will be emitted a partial object of row data that consist of the primaryKey and its value and for the rest rows that ara currently in the data view the whole row data is going to be emitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In remote data scenarios, when the grid has a `primaryKey` set, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` event argument will not contain the full row data object for the rows that are currently out of the current data view. In this case, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` object will contain only one property, which is the `primaryKey` field. For the rest of the old selected rows, currently in the data view,  `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` will contain the whole row data.
```

> In remote data scenarios, when the grid has a `primaryKey` set, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` event argument will not contain the full row data object for the rows that are currently out of the current data view. In this case, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` object will contain only one property, which is the `primaryKey` field. For the rest of the old selected rows, currently in the data view,  `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` will contain the whole row data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In remote data scenarios, when the grid has a `primaryKey` set, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` event argument will not contain the full row data object for the rows that are currently out of the data view. In this case, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` object will contain only one property, which is the `primaryKey` field. For the rest of the rows, currently in the data view, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` will contain the whole row data.
```
